We initiate the fight with [[Luna Longleaf]].
We kill her and black mist pours from her wounds. Dubh know that it's a corruptions and something has defiled her mind and will.
We now look for the tunnel from the [[Weavers Retreat]] to the Palace. We realize that the three is a gateway. I touch the tree and feel a heartbeat and magical pull. I feel a fait hollowness from the tree Dubh is standing near. I go touch the other one and I feel a hum, as I pull away from the tree. The root open up for a tunnel. We go through it.
We set up camp in the tunnel with [[Salamon Deeproot]] digging out a hollow area for us.
As we rest Azuth feels the pulse again in the direction that we're heading, it feels like it's radiating through the earth. But I also feel [[lukumoreh]] still inside me, even tho the bond is broken, his presence is still there. It's throwing my arcane powers around, and I'm unsure who I draw my powers from.
As we sleep [[Messina Moonglade]] hear a voice, she hears her mother's (of the [[Moon Weavers]]) voice faintly and sort of distorted, through this ethereal link. She says "time is at the essence and the current task is important. But they have gotten a new name to deal with. The moon maiden is very disrupted with the mention of this name, [[Celia de Luinn]]. So after this mission she has to return, as her grove may be in danger."
[[Maeve Luin]] is also getting a signal, but it's getting disrupted by her realm beacon and our tiny hut. Maeve leaves the dome to hear the message, she hears almost like an echo in the tunnels, and she hears "sister, I cannot quite reach you. Be weary, certain protections I've cast to protect our name has come to an end. The [[Sky Monarchs]] will search for you now. "
