We wake up after a greater short rest in the Opulise Palace. We decide to summon 8 owls and fly out of the city, there are balistas near the palace and sea, but we fly inland and get out of range quickly.
We rode owls twice, for a total of two hours and ended up finding a small abandoned hut, where we rest. as we move on and out of the forest, we get to the road, summon horses and ride towards [[Mudwip]]. On the way we see a creature we know [[Master antelope]]. 
[[Maeve Luin]] also tells us that the [[Sky Monarchs]] may be hunting us and that [[Celia de Luinn]] told her.
We get to Mudwip and go straight to the inn to rest.
In the night [[Ezmere]] wakes up in her childhood room in her home village and see lights flickering. She's alone. She gest up and look in the mirror and sees a blurred image. She looks at her hair and it's another color. She looks out the window towards the lights, and it's blinding, all the buildings are on fire. The villagers are running and she sees a large creature and spears the villagers with it's horns and slam them into the burning houses. The creature has a white long neck with a golden crown and wings with claws, it's a wyvern. Ez has seen it before in [[Iridium]]. 
She runs towards her sister's room and there's an open windows, but nobody in the room. She runs down stairs and the front door has been blown in. Her sister and mom are hiding under a table and her dad has his upper body ripped open and laying on the floor. He's just barely alive. Ez tried to heal him but nothing happens. Out the corner of her eye she sees a person taking books searching for something. She faces the person an yells, the woman doesn't react but has golden long hair, horns, fur armor with dragon symbols. and a massive shield. It's the person Ez had been trained by. Ez activates her necrotic shroud, but nothing happens. The woman finds Ez' dad's journal and start looking through it and puts it in a pouch. Ez reaches out for the woman, but her hand goes through. The woman then goes over and murders the dad and looks at her sister and mother. The woman murders both the sister and mother.
Then Ez wakes up and just screams.
She then notices a person grawling through the window with daggers out. two more people are in Maeve and Voldooron's room too to attack them, but nobody in our room.
