At noon we walking towards he [[Deep Root Keepers]] camp near [[Kitricil]] and by the [[Fogmount sea]]. We get to a clearing and see an actual paved road going north and south. As we follow the road but in the forest, we see a patrol of 5ish elves with backpacks riding big cats.
We get to the shrine where we see carving like the ones we saw a few days ago on another smaller shrine. There not much here, but there is a large log that's bit out of place. Dubh casts Message on the log and a branch sticks out. The guard in the log tells us to enter the hole next to the log and he doesn't like Ruru xD
As we get up to the log it turns and there's a face, arms and legs on it, it reaches out into nothing and open a door of white roots, that's invisible on the outside. The inside is a dome of roots, and there's are backpacks, campfire and a few dragonborn. The guard who let us in is [[Salamon Deeproot]], a short dragonborn, and the other dragonborn is [[Keep ortrom]]. There's also a dead dragonborn who sacrificed herself to make this dome.
In the rooms there's also 5 wood elves tied up, that they've been questioning. They claim to be the [[Elves of Defiance]] going against [[Thalenor Brightclave]]. 
We question the elves and they want to to be the leader. [[Chamber of Clairvoyance]] is the chamber of [[Zargeth]] where only one elf can enter and talk to him - that's me, Azuth. [[Thalenor Brightclave]] is selling [[Dark mold]] a metal like material made from the roots of Zargeth. It's very arcane repellent, but it's not usually sold outside of [[Kitricil]]. Dubh casts a fake spell on the elf and asks him where [[Luna Longleaf]] is and she's in the city as well as Thalanor. We ask the guard about Luna and lately she trains all the time in her garden with the other guards. He mentions a guy called [[Clive]] it's one of the elves in the group. We suggest they rallying the elves to cause a distraction as we go in and kill Luna and Thalanor. There is a tunnel route from the [[Willows Retreat]] to the [[Emberlin Castle]].
One of the captives, who'll help us get inside is called [[Riggert]].
We tell the Defiance that they should go into town and start smaller conflicts around town to spread the city guards' attention.
We let them lose and the rest of us go to the tunnel to head into town. In the tunnel [[Messina Moonglade]] asks me about my conviction and position with the whole situation with [[Zargeth]]. I tell her that my heart is split as it's only 2-3 months ago I rejected Zargeth.
Shortly after, the vines in the tunnel force in and my amulet from [[lukumoreh]] breaks. I feel the pain in my neck and spine rip and I feel like dying, as vines inside my skin wrap around my ribcage and crush. The others can see vines under my skin, and they suddenly stop trying to kill me. [[Zargeth]] knows where we are. Azuth feels a low heartbeat inside him, which is not his.
We make it to the end of the tunnel and end up in a main square near [[Weavers Retreat]]. It's very empty, we only see a few soldiers and people walking in the distance, but it's very silent too.
We have to make it through the city center, some go invis, other stealth and Onyx, me and Riggert try to act as if I'm a normal person going through. But I fuck up my rolls, and people notice us. Ez started a fire in the background and the guards walking towards me turned around to stop the fire.
We make it past the center and up to the palace, Riggert tells the guards to help with the fire. We make our way over the wall, clumsily as fuck, but we made it. There are 2 guards inside the garden but they don't notice us. Ruru is above the garden and she sees someone training in between the 2 towers.