We start off on the top of one of the templates overseeing the city.
We take the stairs down from the tower, at the bottom we see two guards in black cloaks. The inside of the church is covered in a vail, which obfuscates our appearance. We see a sigil in the church and it belongs to [[Lila the Dusk Maiden]]. 
As we leave the temple, a hooded figure with a panther stands up and walks towards us. It's Ez, the PC who left just as I joined. She has been away for 2 months training. She was the one [[Wander]] asked us to meet.
We talk about our plans and we have to first go to [[Mudwip]] and [[Ashbalt Forest]] to seek out [[Zargeth]]. Then we have to go to [[Cross Guard]] to seek out [[Prof. Tiffen abbermon]].
Since Ez has been here a day she's staying at the [[Tailored-cut Tavern]] and we decide to go there. As we go through the town we see from Grandiose Carriages, some enormous vehicles, which function as traveling merchants. One of these carriages even function as a tavern. They're basically large multi-story houses on wheels.
We go into the inn and we look at the people around us. There's a man in the back, probably a half-orc with a huge purple feathered hat and hold hanging on it, with golden necklace and earrings. He's the owner of the inn and he calls himself [[Flamboyant Fleur de Luis]]. We also notice 3 women of dressed in silver ceremonial woodlands armor, with sigils. They have silvery hair with pins. We also see 3 individuals, a woman (orc/goliath) with ashen skin and black marks, fangs and a big battle axe, a troll/orc with a monocle and smoking a cigar, and lastly a man with a cowboy hat and a fur coat, and claws and horns, tiefling-like.
We grab a table in the corner and order some beer and breakfast. 
Maeve goes up and tries to read the lips of the other patrons. The 3 silver-haired women spoke a language she didn't know, but the other group were talking about needing help with selling something and something about the [[Grinning Cruelty]].
We ask the bar maid about getting supplies and she tells us about the [[Mordomium market]] in the southern part of town, where many shops are located. As we get to the market, it's a large building like a Bazaar with 4-5 towers around it with entrances. As we enter we see [[Nifty Nook]] a weapon shop with elven and other kinds of weapons. We go into the store and there's a halfling with mutton chops, cape and a pipe. Dubh buys some crossbow bolts and Ez also gets bolts for her heavy crossbow. The shopkeeper has a fire lance i.e. a handgun. He says it comes from the [[Brightclave Dominion]] which is one of the countries on the western continent.
Next shop up is the [[Elixirium]] a potion shop. The shopkeep had a bunch of potions and we bought some healing potions. The next shop is the [[Mercury marked]] it's a general store. Behind the counter is a red-scaled dragonborn with ceremonial robes. On the other side is the troll we saw in the inn earlier with his cigar.
We then continue our travel via the Archivian Highway, the larger paved roads between towns. As we leave the city we see huge farming areas. Along the way we see a caravan with these large Rhino-looking creates (Named Nina) and we talk about taking a caravan to Mudwip to lessen the journey. It'll take about 5 days by caravan.
We stop the caravan and ask if we can get a ride to Mudwip and he asks for 5g. His name is [[Rafael von brokoli]] and his travel companion  [[Jhonny nightwing]]. 
Rafael mentions that druid met in Folksheaven to deal with some issues regarding elves and dark elves. He mentioned a [[Duke of Folksheaven]].