As we have fought [[Illiana Hawkside]] we hear guards coming up the tree tower and we decide to use featherfall to jump off the edge of the tree and run into the forest.
[[Luna Longleaf]] managed to escape, so we still need to kill her, [[Detric Ironbark]] and [[Thalenor Brightclave]]. We decide to walk north for a few hours to get far away from [[Ishal Hamlet]] and set up a camp. We'll now heard towards another nearby city, the capitol [[Kitricil]].
W take a long rest and something attacked Ruru in the night, poor Ruru was eaten. In the morning [[Ezmere]] feels 20ish elves around our area from the direction we came from and still 4 she felt from west the day before.
Then [[Messina Moonglade]] gets a message in her head. Saying something about loosing a member by the west shrine and having a safe place, she recognizes it as one of the [[Deep Root Keepers]] members. So we decide to go towards that safe haeven.
On the way we get ambushed by [[Grass Blades Order]] rangers. We find out that the Bird we saw in the battle against [[Illiana Hawkside]] named [[Zylar]].
I get a longbow and 38 arrows.
We rest and summon fey horses to ride on. I see mist in the distance and see [[lukumoreh]]. The mist disapates and I see roots intertwining betwwen themselves and they're moving around overgrowing each other. They're moving towards us and I feel the sharp pain in my neck come back. I feel roots growing in my spine and back and feel the roots grabbing onto my insides. I roll good and don't get hurt. I sense that [[Zargeth]] doesn't want to turn or consume me, it's weird. I get a sense of familiarity/somberness. As we're getting closer to [[Zargeth]], [[lukumoreh]] can no longer help us staying hidden, so stealth doesn't make sense.
We get ambushed again by the rangers and I get shot again, again. Dubh fireballs them and we ride on. 
Ez rolled a Nat20 to hit the stupid bird following us, so we won't get any more encounters today