We start off having been kicked out of the library, standing in the hallway.
We leave the [[Arkivian Archives]] and we see the people talking, a younger person with white hair and glasses, and a moon/crescent shaped mantel similar to [[Master Vorkas Lightheart]]'s but not identical, and another person is a diplomat in colorful/golden robes and ceremonial armor, and next to him a mage of [[Mages of Divinity]] guarding the diplomat. The white-haired person left as he was uncomfortable with the conversation and as the mage and diplomat look over at us he takes the opportunity to leave. The diplomat and mage are looking at us.
We try to just walk by them, but as we get near the diplomat ask to speak with us. He want to apologize on behalf of the [[Mages of Divinity]] as [[Master Vorkas Lightheart]] took his task too serious and they murdered everybody. His message seems scripted so he's probably just a messenger, he doesn't care about us. The diplomat was here to walk to Vorkas' younger brother at the archives. The diplomat's name is [[Ambrel]] he has a room in the [[Silverfall Rest Inn]].
We start heading off to the center of town we walked past on the way to the archives, we walk path the obsidian ward, which is mostly houses and residential areas. We cross a bridge and get to an industrial-ish area, they're mostly workshops and production, not really store fronts. We ask a guard and he mentions the [[Hilton Inn]] which we can also stay at, but Silverfall is more popular. 
We go into a jeweler and buy 3 diamonds. Afterwards we go to the Silverfall Inn and see a bunch of nicely dressed goblins. Dubh asks about [[Crackenguard]] as he has to go there eventually.
We go into the bar in the inn and there's a bunch of merchants chatting. Voldooron starts playing his drum and rolls a 26 god damn. We chill and take a long rest.
In the morning we get up and head to the archives to [[Prof. Tiffen abbermon]]'s office. We get ready for a ritual to draw out [[Raz'ir]] from Dubh and we all get in the circle so we can help and see his memories.

As the ritual starts the view around us starts spinning, the universe spins and the starts streak across the sky. Then we get thrown towards the ground and see a savannah beneath us. It is [[Za'le]] from a long time ago, it's in the midst of a battle and it's in ruins. There are banners across the city and the roar of a crowd as if it's been freed from it's besiegers. We fly down into a window and see an army at the foot of the castle. However, inside the room there are 2 Tabaxi, a black furred female and an older taller leonin (her brother?) with scars and bleeding from his shoulder. "She calls him brother and tells him to be careful. The male says that they've won the war. [[Telia]] is the female's name."
We then get zoomed to the next memory. It's the same two and they talk about. "some person has almost brought them to extinction and killed people. They won the city because of this person. The man says they no longer need his art and his corruption. They're all being hunted by gods and they're not even [[Hell walkers]], so why do they stay with that [[Tarnished]]. Maybe they can pull him out of his madness, but the man thinks he's lost."
We get pulled to the next scene. It's a grand castle hall with banners around, it's under repair. It's filled with people, nobility, and royals. They're all bowing to a person while he speaks.
We then focus on the woman. There's hatred and sadness in her eyes. A black-furred tabaxi male comes up to her and whispers something. "You're sure? Is that his body? So he survived? yes. his body was destroyed, but it doesn't decay, it just stays as it is. Something is holding it to this world. It's in a land war west from here, in the place the [[Ironbane]] dwarves fought. There's no word from the rest of the [[Hell walkers]] but this person survived. She does not want her brother to know."
New scene, many years later. Same woman in a nice room with her brother filling in paperwork. She gives him a letter and she intends to leave the castle. He want to stay in the castle and help people get on the right path. She wants to retire to the far west and make her own clan. She talks about the storms in the far west, she wants to stay near them.
Then the memories fade between her recovering [[sunbristle steppes]] and standing at a cliff at the [[Crimson Savannah]]. We see her fading, withering away. But she's not alone, there are black-furred leonin and tabaxi which followed her. [[Enduring Thunderlight]] is the clan. They have cultures and rituals, which are passed down through generations. Then it skips far ahead. We notice Dubh stop and recognize someone. He's in a tent and he get nostalgic as it's his grandfather's tent. [[Ether Moore]] is his name. He's talking to Dubh's mom [[Aithier Moore]] and she's pregnant. They're talking about the next generation and the future of their clan. She's a soft-spoken, gentle woman.
Then a new memory, it's the clan wandering across the savannah. We see Dubh's father talking to the clan about why they're walking so far west. He insures them that the chieftain knows best and it'll be fine.
Next scene. His mom and dad are arguing with the grandfather about why they're going so far west, they've never been this far out. He want's to try a new approach of his worthshipping, he's nervous and sounds uncertain. 
New memory. They all again have a heated argument. The parents thinks it's too unsafe and they're running out of supplies. The people are questioning what they're doing. As the mother is pregnant, she doesn't want to keep traveling. The grandfather says he needs to know something which will be revealed in time. Just a day or so more. 
There's a Crimson storm coming towards the tent, it's closer than they'd want it to be. They're sitting in a tent drinking and talking. The grandfather ensures them it will be fine, they'll head back in a few more days. he says the storms seem unnatural, there's something wrong with them. Suddenly the grandfather hears something and grabs his sword and they all get up and arm up. Outside the tent there's screams and fighting. There are corpses around, a tabaxi has been split in three. Another tabaxi fighting a large creature with black skin and hoof-like legs. It's chaos, the tents are burning, falling apart and slowly getting extinguished by the slow rain. There are roar and battle crys in the distance. There's a single voice we recognize, it's the granddad "Your existing is prayed upon" and we see someone get cleaved by his battle axe by the grandfather, "The golden fangs burns fear". Their own cheiftan is murdering his people and also cleaves into the monster. The clan is overwhelmed and are losing hard. "We shall become the hell embodies" the grandfather screams.
The view shifts to the view of the grandfather. He cuts into a demon and kills it and screams "Have I not been worth, [[Raz'ir]]!" he's fearful, broken and screaming for Raz'ir - asking where he is, why he's not with them when they have been faithful to him. Then the grandfather stops, there's a new entity, a massive tall tabaxi with huge claws dripping golden liquid onto the ground. It's kills on of the demons and the grandfather smiles and says "it may not be be, but there's a worth among us. Who got the gift?" as the rips through demons and clan members. The entity, Raz'ir, comes up to the grandfather and says "Your loyalty is admirable. In the future you too shall hunt with me" as two daggers pierce the grandfather and lifts him up. "I welcome you", Raz'ir says.
The view shifts. It's the mother, she's wounded and has claw marks, but it's not demon marks. The father asks what that was. The mother doesn't know. They both look into the rain and see the entity, Raz'ir. It comes up to the parents and the mother puts her hand up, but the entity refuses and says "your child will be mine forever, my vessel. Pact accepted." The mother accepts the offer to give over Dubh to make him survive as she fades into dust and Raz'ir takes Dubh. The father is surrounded by the demons and a lightning strikes as everything fades to black.
The memories all fade, but we're somehow still in the memories. We're in a darkness and hear Raz'ir says "know your place, vessel!"
We see Dubh and his scars are pulsating and his form increases and he grows a bit, his body shifts and crack. Voldooron tries to restrain him.
We hear the voice "companion of my vessel, if you wish to leave, now's you chance." before Voldoowon takes a lof of damage.
We get back to [[Prof. Tiffen abbermon]]'s room as he's on his table and says "Raz'ir is stronger than I expected" as he dies.