We start off by Azuth leading the group into the forest over a small bridge into the Ashbalt forest. I also know that this region is the original region of the [[Grass Blades Order]] where they started. I presume that [[Illiana Hawkside]] resides in the main hub. On the way, we will go past my old home where Azuth grew up.
As we walk into the forest we see houses and smaller towers, which indicates that it used have people living here.

As we walk through the swamp we get attack by little water critters [[Vortapede]]. I tried to dissect one for poison, but I made a mess and got nothing.

We press on, and as we get further, one side of the forest is swampy but the other side is dense beautiful forest. The air in the dense forest is much fresher than the swamp-air, but there's a magical presence in the air. There's a shift in the creatures and nature around us, as there's no more marshlands/swamp. There are no smaller/young trees, only the large old trees, who's crowns cover the sky.  As we set up camp, Ez find a small statue with some old Elvish writing on it. It's just a little warding shrine with a blessing written on it.
Azuth knows that these were the ancient ways of the [[Grass Blades Order]] to ward their land, as sort of a boundry of hubs where they could spread their influence. But now they're just reminders of a time long gone.
We talk about bargaining with the order or [[Zargeth]] and I know that [[Illiana Hawkside]] is more reasonable than the others, but she's still a high-ranking officer.
[[lukumoreh]] contacts me suddenly. I allow him to contact me. He has stored a vessel in me and he wants to talk. Shhadows antlers and skulls appear from me and an shadowy shape emerge from me. It says that many other spirits have been killed by Zargeth, just like I almost killed [[lukumoreh]]. It showes us the forms of the other gods and how they're dying and being strangled. There are 10-15 other gods that have been either killed or taken over. He says that the spirits of old are not meant for this much control/power, Zargeth is not supposed to break the balance like this. He says that we cannot kill Zargeth, he shows us a vision of a huge old tree. We cannot kill him because he'll be reincarnated after many years, and hopefully he'll be reincarnated with less lust to kill others. Lukumoreh believe that it's the generals and the order that partly corrupts him.
"An ugly flower can be removed and the roots let stay, and it'll grow back pretty".

