At noon we walking towards he [[Deep Root Keepers]] camp near [[Kitricil]] and by the [[Fogmount sea]]. We get to a clearing and see an actual paved road going north and south. As we follow the road but in the forest, we see a patrol of 5ish elves with backpacks riding big cats.
We get to the shrine where we see carving like the ones we saw a few days ago on another smaller shrine. There not much here, but there is a large log that's bit out of place. Dubh casts Message on the log and a branch sticks out. The guard in the log tells us to enter the hole next to the log and he doesn't like Ruru xD
As we get up to the log it turns and there's a face, arms and legs on it, it reaches out into nothing and open a door of white roots, that's invisible on the outside. The inside is a dome of roots, and there's are backpacks, campfire and a few dragonborn. The guard who let us in is [[Salamon Deeproot]], a short dragonborn, and the other dragonborn is [[Keep ortrom]]. There's also a dead dragonborn who sacrificed herself to make this dome.
In the rooms there's also 5 wood elves tied up, that they've been questioning. They claim to be the [[Elves of Defiance]] going against [[Thalenor Brightclave]]. 
We question the elves and they want to to be the leader. [[Chamber of Clairvoyance]] is the chamber of [[Zargeth]] where only one elf can enter and talk to him - that's me, Azuth. [[Thalenor Brightclave]] is selling [[Dark mold]] a metal like material made from the roots of Zargeth. It's very arcane repellent, but it's not usually sold outside of [[Kitricil]]. 