After killing [[Thalenor Brightclave]] a dark smoke leaves his body and we hear a voice. "Thank you for ritting me of a spent tool. This will not be the last time we see each other" and the smoke disppears. 
I feel a pull from the water behind the throne. I walk out into the water and get pulled in by enourmous roots, deep down into the darkness. Voldooron held on to the rope he had tied around me. He lets go and swim up.
In the baal I feel a soothing sensation and hear the water rush around me. Until I land in a cave and the roots open in a black chamber. Glowing bugs start coming out and flowery vines move around and a big glowing gem pulzating becomes visible. It's the old oak's heart. It's immensely powerful and it's almost like a godly presence.
I approach it and I get a flash of memories of elves, broken and beaten. Homes wrecked and stumbling into the forest. I see them build a community and life return to the elves. The communities grow and become cities, and a huge tree in the back starts to grow. That tree reminds me of the one we fought [[Illiana Hawkside]] in. As I move forward I enter something etheral and I notice the fireflies are actually ethereal spirits. I'm stepping into the plane of the elementals and spirits.
Every heart beat is a spirit that enters the heart and is transported to our world.
I see [[Thalenor Brightclave]] in his youth, where he's the chosen leader. I see him directing the build of [[Itrazil]]. 
I see memories of myself, and mypast. I see a wolf pack roaming around in the free steppes and I recognize one of the wolves as my old friend.
As I get to the heart I lay my hand on it. I see that [[Zargeth]] is not perfect, he's a selfish and uptight/flawed spirit, but in that I sense [[lukumoreh]]'s presence disappear and I lose my connection to him. 
I even saw the sundering of the world, as the elves were thrown out of [[Ca'el]].
[[Zargeth]] asks me if I want to become the new leader of the [[Grass Blades Order]] and I accept. As I do a lot of the spirits immediately enter over into our world, as they have been waiting for thakenor to be gone.
In the heart gem I see a new vision appear, a woman in a small homestead and a small wooden figure, that I cut in my youth. It's my mother looking around her and I see a man come into the home, and I see a blackened scar on her face. It's the sickness that [[Thalenor Brightclave]] gave my mother when she left. Behind the man also comes in a young elven girl with a little homemade amulet, giving it to the man. 
Then a new vision, a landscape of the city and I see a building where my mom lives in by a clear lake in the mountainous woods. The city sits on a flying island in the clouds, that's the [[Moon City]] in [[Ca'el]].
A new vision I see my friends in their little tent that Dubh put up. 